[EXERTION]
[AMAZED]
Great stuff.
Just like that!
Wow, they're really pumped up.
Froakie's moving
faster than ever.
Looks like
they're really excited
about their Gym battle
against Korrina.
Oh, yeah. Sure.
I'll beat Korrina
and get that Gym badge.
[AGREEMENT]
[EXCITED]
[SHOCK]
Pikachu!
[CUT MOVE]
What move was that?
That was Cut.
Wow, Froakie, you learned
how to use Cut?
[AMAZED]
[GRATEFUL]
[BASHFUL]
Froakie must have learned
that move
while trying to save Pikachu.
Yeah, wanting to help Pikachu
uncovered more of Froakie's
hidden talents.
Woo‐hoo!
You're right.
The first time I met Froakie,
it jumped in
when Team Rocket
was trying to steal Pikachu.
Awesome!
Thanks for giving Pikachu
a hand like that.
[CONTENT]
Hey, Ash?
A Double Battle might be
a really interesting way
for you to train with Froakie.
Double Battle?
Because Froakie learned a new
move while helping Pikachu
a Double Battle might result
in more of the same.
Yeah, I'm totally up
for that.
Will you have
a Double Battle with me?
Of course.
[EXCITED]
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"FORGING FOREST FRIENDSHIPS!"
NARRATOR
In preparation for Gym battle
against Korrina
Ash is training hard
agreeing to have a Double
Battle with Clemont.
Here is my first Pokémon. Huh?
[APPEARING]
[PUMPED]
Chespin.
You're ready to go, huh?
Okay, then,
your partner is
'right here!'
[APPEARING]
[EXCITED]
Okay. Now, Froakie's
partner's gonna be..
Hawlucha, I choose you!
[APPEARING]
[READY]
Hawlucha. Froakie.
We're having a Double Battle.
So make sure you really help
each other out.
[AGREEMENT]
[FOCUSED]
[CONFUSED]
Hawlucha wants
to work together.
[HAPPY]
Yeah. That's just
what I like to see.
Okay, everybody.
It's Double Battle time! Yeah!
‐ Alright, here I come.
‐ Ready when you are.
Now, Chespin, use Tackle!
And, Bunnelby, use Double Slap!
Hawlucha! Froakie! Dodge it!
[TACKLE MOVE]
[SHOCK]
[DOUBLE SLAP MOVE]
[PAINED]
There it is. Hawlucha's testing
its opponent's strength again.
[DOUBLE SLAP MOVE]
[CONFUSED]
Okay. It's our turn!
Froakie, use Bubble!
Hawlucha,
rapid‐fire Karate Chop!
[BUBBLE MOVE]
Alright, Chespin,
use Vine Whip!
Bunnelby, you battle back
with Double Slap!
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
[KARATE CHOP MOVE]
[DOUBLE SLAP MOVE]
[PAINED]
[KARATE CHOP MOVE]
Yay!
[EXCITED]
Wow, this is the kind of
dramatic battling
Hawlucha loves.
Yeah. Way to go, Hawlucha.
[UPSET]
But Froakie doesn't seem
to like this battle at all.
It's normal when battling
to avoid taking damage.
Hawlucha's style is unusual.
[DOUBLE SLAP MOVE]
[PAINED]
Keep up the pressure
with Mud Shot!
[MUD SHOT MOVE]
Froakie! Use Water Pulse!
'Help out Hawlucha!'
[PAINED]
[CONFUSED]
[ANGRY]
Hawlucha, what's wrong?
I think Hawlucha doesn't want
Froakie getting in its way.
Is that true, Hawlucha?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[ANGRY]
Now's our chance.
Chespin, use Pin Missile!
[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
Okay, Froakie.
Dodge it, quick!
[SHOCK]
[DAZED]
Way to go, Froakie.
[ANGRY]
[ANNOYED]
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
[MOCKING]
Hawlucha, what was that?
[STRUGGLING]
[PAINED]
[AMUSED]
'Froakie, stop!'
SERENA
'Please! Come on, quit it!'
Calm down right now, you two.
[EXERTION]
[CONFUSED]
[PAINED]
[MOCKING]
Hey, both of you!
[EXERTION]
Knock it off!
[PANIC]
[PAINED]
You two are on the same team.
You're supposed to help
each other out.
[APOLOGETIC]
[ANNOYED]
[ANGRY]
I told you two to quit it!
[CONCERN]
Alright. It looks like
this battle's over.
I think
it's special training time.
I'll put something together
especially for the two of you.
[ANNOYED]
Man.
Ready? You're gonna cover
each other's weak points
and strengthen
each other's strong points
because you're partners.
[URGING]
Good idea.
First, you need to make up.
[gasps]
[ANGRY]
Come on. Calm down.
Froakie, make up, please.
[ANNOYED]
Oh, no.
What we're gonna use now
is a two‐Pokémon combo move.
I wanna start
with Hawlucha's Flying Press.
And then add Froakie's Cut.
And here's how it goes.
First, Froakie rides
on Hawlucha's back.
Next, Hawlucha makes
a big jump.
Then, Froakie
jumps and uses Cut.
And that's when Hawlucha
goes into Flying Press.
I think we're gonna call
this move the Super Flying Cut.
[IMPRESSED]
[EXCITED]
[UNINTERESTED]
ASH
Okay. Let's try it.
HAWLUCHA
[EXCITED]
FROAKIE
[UNINTERESTED]
Lunch is ready, guys.
Here. Homemade Poké Puffs.
[EXCITED]
[CONCERN]
SERENA
Ta‐da!
‐ Oh!
‐ Huh.
Oh, no.
The Poké Puffs are gone.
But how?
I know I put them in here.
Alright.
Who took the Poké Puffs?
[UPSET]
Somebody took them.
You'd better tell us
the truth.
Well, even if nobody
will admit it, I'll know.
I put in those
super spicy Poké Puffs
'Fennekin loves so much.'
'And right about now,
things should start heating up'
'in a big, big way.'
[PAINED]
You! Chespin.
So it was you, after all.
Poké Puff thief!
[APOLOGETIC]
Alright. Try Super Flying Cut
once more.
[EXERTION]
[STRUGGLING]
[DAZED]
Goofed again.
This isn't going well at all.
[CONCERN]
[ANGRY]
Stop it! Not again.
Try to be
a little friendlier.
[ANNOYED]
[stomach rumbling]
Sounds like
you two are hungry.
Wait a sec. Here.
I've got some Oran Berries.
[EATING]
[HAPPY]
Good food makes you
feel good, right?
Now, let's give that move
another try.
[EXCITED]
[HAPPY]
[UNSURE]
[FOCUSED]
Great. And this time
we'll make it work.
Use Super Flying..
Huh!
[CONFUSED] / [EXERTION]
[PANIC]
‐ Huh!
‐ It's Ash!
[screaming]
[PANIC]
[CONFUSED]
[EXERITON]
SERENA
'Pikachu.'
Chespin. Pin Missile, go!
[EXERITON]
[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
Fennekin. Use Scratch!
[SCRATCH MOVE]
[GRATEFUL]
[all gasp]
What is that scary noise?
[grunting]
Alright, who did this, anyway?
Huh?
[EXERTION]
Huh? Ah..
[moaning]
[SHOCK]
[CONFUSED]
[CONCERN]
[PANIC]
‐ Hey. The noise stopped.
‐ Where are Ash and the others?
This could be the work
of a Pokémon.
‐ A Pokémon?
‐ Right.
I've heard stories
about a Pokémon
who controls trees
and catches people
who hurt the forest
and eats them up.
But then that means..
Ash could be eaten too.
[EXERITON]
[FOCUSED]
[URGING]
Look! Pikachu must have
picked up Ash's scent.
Let's hurry.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Trevenant!
[DAZED]
[ANGRY]
[EXERITON]
[PAINED]
[ANGRY]
[SHOCK]
[CONFUSED]
[FOCUSED]
[CONCERN]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
You two are on the same team.
You're gonna cover
each other's weak points?
and strengthen
each other's strong points
because you're partners.
[UPSET]
[FOCUSED]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Ah. Where am I?
Who's that Pokémon?
Trevenant.
The Elder Tree Pokémon.
A Ghost and Grass type
'Trevenant is able
to control trees.'
'It traps those who cause harm'
'to the forest
and never lets them escape.'
Come on. I'd never do anything
to hurt the forest.
[UNINTERESTED]
[grunts]
Let me go!
I've gotta get back
to my friends.
[EXERTION]
'Let me go!'
Let me go!
I said let me go!
[EXERITON]
[COMMANDING]
Froakie. Hawlucha.
[FOCUSED]
You've gotta watch out
for the Confuse Ray.
[EXERITON]
[FRUBBLES MOVE]
[PAINED]
[EXERITON]
Hawlucha.
Trevenant is a Ghost type.
Fighting‐type moves won't work.
[PAINED]
[FEAR]
Hey, Froakie! Help Hawlucha
by using Bubble!
[BUBBLE MOVE]
[grunting]
[EXCITED]
Way to go. Great move.
Huh? Thanks.
[PROUD]
[EXERTION]
[ANGRY]
Okay. Let's test our trainin'.
[AGREEMENT]
Remember.
Work together as partners.
Use Super Flying Cut!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]
[STRUGGLING]
[ANNOYED]
Oh, man.
Froakie, you're on backwards.
[CONFUSED]
[STUNNED]
Froakie, you okay?
[CONCERN]
[FOCUSED]
[WILL O WISP MOVE]
Dodge that Will‐O‐Wisp!
[PANIC]
[PAINED]
[WILL O WISP MOVE]
Oh, no, you don't!
Ah!
[grunting]
[PANIC]
If that's how it is,
battle me!
'Cause I'm gonna
protect my friends!
[SHOCK]
[CONFUSED]
[groaning]
Ah..
[APOLOGETIC]
Guess you understand.
[SHOCK]
Trevenant, please tell me.
Why did you take me away
in the first place?
[URGING]
You want me to come with you?
[PAINED]
Whoa. What's going on?
'Sudowoodo and Bonsly.
Who could have done this?'
Did you bring me here
so I could help you
get your friends
down from there?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
I get it now.
Trevenant, leave it to me.
[grunting]
Just a little bit more.
[screaming]
[groans]
Now, I see.
You needed my help
to save them
'cause that net's electrified.
[CONCERN]
Ash.
Pikachu. Hey, guys.
[RELIEVED]
You showed up
at the perfect time.
SERENA
Ash, are you okay?
Trevenant just wanted me to help
get them out of that net.
So that's what
this is all about?
What a cruel thing to do.
Pikachu, Iron Tail!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[SHOCK]
[RELIEVED]
That's great,
Sudowoodo and Bonsly.
[GRATEFUL]
Thanks, Pikachu.
[GRATEFUL] / [SHOCK]
[gasps]
[PANIC]
‐ Pikachu!
‐ Oh, no.
Who did that?
Prepare for trouble,
if you don't know by now.
And make it double,
we'll tell you anyhow.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above!
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a forest fight.
Meowth, that's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA
Team Rocket. Not you again.
JESSIE
Well, the same goes for you.
It's all part
of our groundbreaking
patent‐pending,
rare‐Pokémon‐stealing strategy.
Of course, you're the ones
who set a trap
for Sudowoodo and Bonsly.
‐ Wow. He thinks.
‐ Ah.
‐ Give Pikachu back.
‐ That didn't last long.
[EXERTION]
Save your volts.
We used an insulated net
to catch the best
Twerp Pokémon we can get.
[ANGRY]
Pumpkaboo, get rid of that crew.
Inkay. You too!
[APPEARING]
Froakie. Hawlucha.
Time to work together.
[FOCUSED]
Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Dodge it!
[EXERTION]
Froakie. Use your Frubbles!
[FRUBBLES MOVE]
[PAINED]
Hawlucha.
Flying Press, let's go!
[FLYING PRESS MOVE]
Pumpkaboo. Snap out of it.
[SHOCK]
[CONFUSED]
[MOCKING]
Please, you should know
Fighting‐type moves
won't work on Ghost types.
I'm one step ahead
of you guys.
‐ One step?
‐ Froakie. Use Water Pulse!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
[gasps]
‐ Yippee!
‐ Great strategy.
They used Flying Press
to leave Pumpkaboo
open for a successful
Water Pulse.
The two of you
sure make awesome partners.
[PROUD]
[UNINTERESTED]
[ANNOYED]
Okay, Inkay. Tackle, now!
[TACKLE MOVE]
Dodge it one more time!
[EXERTION]
[FOCUSED]
[TACKLE MOVE]
[URGING]
Inkay, Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
‐ Oh!
‐ Froakie, no!
Don't worry.
Froakie's fine.
'That was just a decoy
made out of Frubbles.'
[PLEASED]
That was a Frubble fake?
Alright.
Time for Super Flying Cut.
[CUT MOVE]
Hawlucha, let her rip.
[EXERTION]
[FLYING PRESS MOVE]
[DAZED]
Oh, yeah!
Super Flying Cut worked
just the way
it's supposed to.
[SHOCK]
Inkay, return!
[CONCERN]
This isn't looking good.
Maybe we should shelve
our strategy and call it a day.
Huh! Aah!
[ANGRY]
[WOOD HAMMER MOVE]
‐ Alright.
‐ It's Trevenant's Wood Hammer.
[FEAR]
[RELIEVED]
[HAPPY]
I guess we're done.
‐ It wasn't fun.
‐ So, now, we run.
Pikachu. Thunderbolt,
let's go!
THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[all screaming]
[explosion]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blasting off again!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ They did it.
‐ Yay.
[HAPPY]
And flawlessly.
[PROUD]
[AMUSED]
Hawlucha. Froakie.
You're the best.
[GRATEFUL]
I've never seen more awesome
partners than you two.
Keep working together like that
and it'll be great.
[AGREEMENT]
[EXCITED]
[GRATEFUL]
[SALUTATIONS]
Trevenant, Sudowoodo, Bonsly,
take care of yourselves.
We'll see you again.
[SALUTATIONS]
‐ Bye, everyone.
‐ Bye‐bye, everybody.
NARRATOR Thanks to
some amazing teamwork
Froakie, Hawlucha,
and Ash
have helped some very
grateful Forest Pokémon.
And soon, they'll be arriving
in Shalour City
as the journey continues.
[theme music]